is the laptop is we pequeño it's la vida
it's true this thing is tiny check it
out this is the HP 2133 mini note you
saw me do a review on one of them
recently and this one pretty much looks
identical but it's not identical
actually it's a little bit different now
how do I explain to you all the
differences it's sort of like the
differences between the Asus triple e
909 o 1 and 1000 it's really complicated
so let me break it down for you let me
educate you I'm gonna screw you guys on
this let's start from the beginning the
first one I did was a 1 gigahertz
processor running Linux with a 4
gigabytes 4 gigabyte solid state direct
to the flash memory and 512 of RAM now
the next one on the ladder is a 1.2
gigahertz version that one has Linux as
well has a 120 gigabyte hard drive and
has 1 gigabyte of RAM now this one right
here this is the the fastest processor
this is the 1.6 gigahertz processor now
here's the best part about this one this
one I don't know if you can see it from
that little tiny picture but that right
there is XP Pro that is XP Pro you know
like the Asus has a xp home nope XP
Professional and guess what it's not
only XP Professional you get your choice
it's got XE Pro and Vista Business and
you get to pick which one you want we
can't get anything straight in the show
it don't matter because these are just
disks and disks are unimportant what's
important is this thing and it's really
cool finish it's all like brushed
aluminum and check out that this one has
a big battery this thing lasts forever
yes forever not two hours not four hours
forever it will go easily five hours
without recharging
excuse me without recharging and it also
acts as a stand it's kind of cool
because like as you can see there's
nothing propping it up and that makes it
perfect for this type of typing it's
very simple and very useful and I've
really come to love this thing I've
become a big fan of netbooks lately I
used to think they were kind of silly
and now that I've had a few I've had the
Asus Triple E I've had this one I've had
the cloud book I've had all of them I've
been messing with them they're all
stacked up on my desk it's got a little
stack of books they're really fun to
play with they're really useful you can
take them places when I'm in the office
and I want to show some
funny video on YouTube I don't have to
like go over there and like email him
the link and then have him click it I
just take this with me and I go look and
I show it to him and it's great I really
like it so let me give you a demo let me
give you a walk-around of this thing
it's probably a turn off now but
whatever doesn't matter starting off
this right there is a Kensington lock
you'll probably never use it with this
device because it's very mobile it's
going to stay in your pocket or in your
book it's not going to go anywhere so
you're not going to lock it down but
it's there in case you need it now
moving on down the line this is a very
interesting device it's so interesting
because I don't know what it is let me
take a look at it real quick that's your
power that's where your power goes right
here you have gigabit ethernet and of
course USB 2.0 and then here's the good
stuff you get an SD card reader right
there and you got an Express card slot
right there too so those are going to be
pretty useful on this little device now
moving along to the other side very nice
for them to add a nice VGA there so if
you're going to use this at someone's
house and they have a monitor or your
house and you have a monitor you have to
worry about looking at it on the small
screen it is a decent sized screen it's
an 8.9 inch but hey it doesn't hurt to
look at it on a 22 or 24 now moving on
over here you got a USB 2.0 and then of
course your inputs and outputs for
microphone and headphones take a look at
the front I don't know which ones which
yep this one's it this is your power
button it's a little slider this is your
hard drive activity light HDD activity
light and right over here this is your
Wi-Fi this is so you don't make the
plane crash when you go on on the plane
ok turn that off so you don't hurt
somebody
I typed 64 words for a minute on this
little tiny keyboard that's a pretty bad
this is a 92% keyboard 92% keyboard
check that out look how wide and
spacious the keys are they cradle your
fingers and love it's fantastic awesome
keyboard 92% size of the keys now
they're spaced a little bit closer
together but they definitely it's
probably one of the best keyboards that
I've ever used as far as in one of these
mini notes so this thing is really cool
very great for typing and this is the
kind of one that you want to get if you
are going to be typing a lot if you're
gonna be journaling blogging twittering
myspace Facebook email all that stuff
this is the one for you now what else
you get on this thing you've kind of
seen it all you get lots of RAM you get
a fast processor you get some good stuff
you get a webcam that's really cool to
take a look at that up here on the top
that's a 1.3 megapixel webcam that is
very sleek and sexy and if you look over
here on the sides you get very nice
speakers that ironically enough are very
powerful they sound pretty good I'm
installing some software there as you
can see I got kind of bored but this is
an awesome device I really like this
I like the battery not only does it last
for ridiculously long amounts of time
but it does act as like the perfect
little prop for your wrists it works out
really great and if you guys want to
take a look at how small this is take a
look at that and you can even hold it
from the battery if you like I probably
recommend that but you could and it's a
little heavier than the other ones but
that's because it's got more hardware
inside it does have the faster processor
this processor actually is faster than
the the atom and plenty of hard drive
space plenty of RAM it does give you the
option of running extra pro or vista
business so you can run as many apps as
you want great little device the HP 2133
mini note if you have any questions
email me I'll see you guys next time for
more information on the HP 2133 mini
note go to tigerdirect and type in h 24
- kr 954 into the search box or you can
always call us 24 hours a day seven days
a week at one eight hundred eight
hundred eighty three hundred
Oh
[Music]